Fixed outdated ECR credential debug message (#18631)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/containers/images.md

- Verify all requirements above.
- Get $REGION (e.g. `us-west-2`) credentials on your workstation. SSH into the host and run Docker manually with those creds. Does it work?
- Verify kubelet is running with `--cloud-provider=aws`.
- Increase kubelet log level verbosity to at least 3 and check kubelet logs (e.g. `journalctl -u kubelet`) for log lines like:
  - `aws_credentials.go:109] unable to get ECR credentials from cache, checking ECR API`

>   - `aws_credentials.go:116] Got ECR credentials from ECR API for <Your ECR AWS Account ID>.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com`

Reviewer: How about this:
```suggestion
  - `aws_credentials.go:116] Got ECR credentials from ECR API for <AWS account ID for ECR>.dkr.ecr.<AWS region>.amazonaws.com`
```
? It emphasizes that the region can change as well.

Author: Thanks @sftim - much better. Changes committed.
